.\" Copyright (C) 2019 Kuroyasha512.
.\"
.\" This document is dual-licensed.  You may distribute and/or modify it
.\" under the terms of either of the following licenses:
.\"
.\" * The GNU General Public License, as published by the Free Software
.\"   Foundation, version 3 or (at your option) any later version.  You
.\"   should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"   along with this program.  If not, see
.\"   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" * The GNU Free Documentation License, as published by the Free
.\"   Software Foundation, version 1.2 or (at your option) any later
.\"   version, with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
.\"   Back-Cover Texts.  You should have received a copy of the GNU Free
.\"   Documentation License along with this program.  If not, see
.\"   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH Crypted 1 "version 1.7" "July 2019"

.SH NAME
Crypted - Cryptograpy in terminal
.SH  SYNOPSIS
\fBCrypted\fP [ -e | -d ] [ -c \fIcipher\fP ] [ -i \fIinput\fP ] [ \fIADITIONAL-ARGUMENT\fP ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCrypted\fP is Cryptograpy tool for
encrypt or decrypt text or file to specific type of cipher eg. scytale, atbash, caesar, rot13 and more

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show the current version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show a summary of the available command-line options and exit.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-encryption
Argument for encryption
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-decryption
Argument for decryption
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-cipher
Set type of cipher eg. scytale, caesar, etc
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-input
Set input to process en/decrypting
.TP
.BR \-R ", " \-\-redirect
Option for Redirecting output

.SH SPECIAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-D ", " \-\-diameter
Special options for scytale cipher
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-shift-count
Special options for caesar cipher
.TP
.BR \-A ", " \-\-var-A
Special options for affine cipher
.TP
.BR \-B ", " \-\-var-B
Special options for affine cipher
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-rail
Special options for rail fence cipher
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-key
special options for keyword cipher

.SH BUGS
.sp
Please report any other bugs that you encounter:
.br
.IR bot404916@yahoo.com

.SH AUTHOR
.sp
This manual page was originally written by Kuroyasha512
for GNU/Linux
